greater is he who is in you that he who
is in the world found those days when
circumstances have you surrounded and
you're feeling the pressures of the
world trying to force you at bay I want
to remind you that there is a power and
resource inside of you that is far
greater than any power or force
surrounding you the power that comes
down from above that fills the life of
the believer called the Holy Spirit is
so much greater than the demonic powers
that are arrayed against us now the aged
Apostle John was writing people who were
having to war against the spirit of
Antichrist and Gnosticism and false
theology and he reminded them that you
know hey they were God's little children
they were brothers and sisters that they
were to walk in love but then he says
greater is he who is in you than he that
is in the world and that's saying flow
remember John had written that Jesus
came to destroy the works of the devil
Christ is in you the hope of glory the
holy spirit lives in you greater is he
who is in you than he who is in the
world greater is the one inside of you
than those that are against you you
remember the prophet in the Old
Testament when the eyes of his servants
were open they said they that be for us
are far more than they that be against
us you see not only does the Holy Spirit
live within you greater is He that's in
you than he that's in the world but also
the angels of God are sent to minister
to you because you're an heir of
salvation Wow the more you study the
more you read the more you realize God's
got you covered he's in you his angels
surround you his angels go before you
his four is your rear guard while you
are blessed you're the head and not the
tail you were above and not below don't
forget who you are don't forget what you
have greater is he used in you than he
who is in the world god bless you you
have a victorious day